# How to use the code?
We have shared Chaskey's software-based masking source code, which can be traced by the tool ELMO. To facilitate running directly on Rainbow, we have shared the complete script (chaskey.py). The running parameters can be customized.
If you want to try other ARX algorithms, you can directly refer to the functions of AM, BM and conversion between AM and BM in chaskeyMasking.c.
For the t-test, we used the tool - elmo . The use of elmo is a little complicated, but we have uploaded complete running scripts. The default address is in the FixedvsRandom folder in elmo. For details, please refer to the makefile we wrote. In addition, please read the usage of elmo in detail and adjust the necessary parameters.
# What is Rainbow?
Rainbow (https://github.com/Ledger-Donjon/rainbow) makes unicorn traces. Using Unicorn as a basis, Rainbow aims to provide an easy scripting interface to loosely emulate embedded binaries, trace them to perform side-channels, and simulate fault injections. This is to allow quick and easy testing of physical attack resistance of code snippets, in order to help developers have a first evaluation of the resistance of their code.
# What is ELMO?
ELMO (https://github.com/sca-research/ELMO) consists of two components: an emulator for the ARM M0 architecture and a set of leakage models. The emulator takes in Thumb assembly and 'emulates' the workings of an M0 core (in particular the 3 stage pipeline). The power models utilise the instruction flow generated by the emulator to produce cycle or instruction accurate predictions of the power consumption (noise free). ELMO in its' base version emulates the power consumption of many instructions but limited to the contribution of the CPU core only. There is a simple 'memory extension', which gives a very basic model of the power consumption of the memory bus.
